So in the implementation
let us first define the size of array size as 6
and mid size by 2
6/2
that is three here. Now create the array named as
stack of size size which is already defined as six
Now set top1 as -1 for the first
stack and top2 as mid-1
Now let us define push1
We have to pass the value to be pushed into
the function and check if the stack is full
So check if top1 equal to mid-1
than the stack is full
So push operation is not possible.
So just return from the function else increment top1
and then add the value at stack[top1]
So write stack[++top1] equal to val
now let us define pop operation for stack1.
First we have to check if stack is empty
So write if top1 equal to -1 then
return -1
as pop operation is not possible else return stack[top1]
and then decrement top1
So write return stack[top1--]
So it is done for stack1. Now let us
define push and pop operations for stack2.
first we have to define push operation for stack2
And we need to check if stack is full
so check
If top2 equal to size-1 then push
operation is not possible since the stack is full. So just return
from the function else increment top2 and then
add the value at stack[top2]. So write stack[++top2]
equal to val. So push
operation is defined. Now let us define pop operation for
stack2. First we need to check if the stack
is empty.
So write if top2 equal to mid-1
then return -1
as pop operation is not possible.
else return the element at top2 and decrement top2.
So write return stack[top2--]